♪
[ANNOUNCER 1A]
It's the second and last day
of the Patissier
World Tournament,
and we've at last arrived
at the grand finale!
[excited chatter]
[MALE REPORTER 1A]
Pure spectacle.
It's no wonder why they call him
the Patissier Chosen One.
It's magnificent!
[FEMALE REPORTER 1A]
The challenge
for the final round
is candy sculpture.
He's almost guaranteed
to be named
the world's greatest Patissier!
[breathes deeply]
[PATISSIER]
Just look around.
It's a wonderland of sweets.
I will win this thing.
Then,
I'll finally have achieved it,
my childhood dream!
[ANNOUNCER 1A] The chefs
are moving their finished pieces
to the judging area now.
This is it. On three.
One, two... three!
[grunting]
♪
[gasps]
[panicked chatter]
[PATISSIER]
This feeling...
Huh, am I dying?
[Patissier sighs]
[PATISSIER] I wanted to make
the world's greatest sweets
before I passed away.
I was going to create
a land of sweets
that made everyone everywhere
smile.
That dream is over now.
God, you are far too cruel.
[GOD]
Well, then, so be it.
I shall grant you
one more chance.
[PATISSIER]
Huh? Who's there?
[GOD]
Your new name shall be
Pastry Mille Morteln!
[PAS]
The Fief of Morteln.
My father,
Casserole Mille Morteln,
is the suzerain lord
of this place.
Before him,
it was a barren land.
One that could barely
grow wheat.
[grunts]
-[HANDLER 1A] Easy there, boy.
-[PAS] My father worked hard
alongside those
who moved there with him
and the people
already living there.
Together,
they spent almost 20 years
diligently cultivating the soil.
That hard work paid off.
We've managed to grow
to a fief of three villages.
They're about 40 people each
with harvests
of both wheat and barley.
[CASSEROLE]
Come now! Give it your all!
[PAS]
I'm just getting warmed up!
-[metal clanging]
-[grunting]
[panting]
You're getting sloppy
with your grip again.
[PAS]
Yes, sir.
It's been nine years
since I was reincarnated
as the son of suzerain lord,
Sir Casserole.
[Pas grunting]
[CASSEROLE]
That's it!
Grip so firmly
I'd have to tear off your hand
to get that blade.
Yes, sir! [grunting]
[PAS] I was raised by my father,
a military hero,
my kind mother
and my five older sisters.
It's been
a relatively happy life.
Except,
our fief can't grow sugar.
That means
it's nearly impossible
to get sweet things here.
Gosh, how nice it would be
to make sweets again!
-[CASSEROLE] You're distracted!
-[Pas gasps]
[thuds]
[Pas groaning]
My lord! I have some news!
Still at it, I see.
I doubt you're even aware
it's almost time for breakfast.
Right,
then we'll end our lesson here.
[gasping] Yes, sir.
Thank you very much.
Now then, Feuille. Go on.
I have both good news
and bad news for you.
Which do you want first?
Regardless,
I'll have to listen to them each
in due course.
I suppose
let's start with the good.
[FEUILLE] Right. The bean fields
are absolutely thriving.
They should yield
a significant harvest.
Seems like the kid's advice
worked out.
[PAS]
Sprinkle lime on the soil.
That will improve
the crop yield!
[CASSEROLE]
It appears I was right
to take your suggestion.
We'll have a bumper bean crop
this year.
I may still be limited
to simple bean dishes at first,
but caramelized roasted soybeans
are a classic tea snack.
You can sprinkle on
soybean flour for extra flavor.
Wherever did you learn
about such things?
[yelps] Oh!
[PAS] They wouldn't believe
it's because...
-Just more daydreams.
-[PAS] ...I was reincarnated.
Well, strange as it is,
you've always been prone
to such flights of fancy.
That imagination of yours has
produced a lot of great ideas,
and they've all resulted
in good things for the fief
over the past few years.
It's like you're already
a little shadow suzerain!
[clears throat]
Now, it's time for the bad news,
Feuille.
[grunts]
Regarding the County of Retes,
attempts to stop
some bandits there have failed.
[grunts] The bandits prevailed?
[FEUILLE]
I'm told the stragglers escaped,
and are heading our way.
How many?
There's about 50.
[PAS] If bandits come here,
they'll ravage our fields.
Both the beans
we worked so hard for
and our precious wheat.
[FEUILLE]
At their current pace,
they should arrive
in two months' time.
Only two months.
Our only chance
is to rally the villagers.
We must try our best
to drive them off
with pikes and slings.
[PAS] Even if we pull
from all three villages,
that's only 30 men at most.
We'll barely be able
to slow them down.
And in a prolonged battle,
we're doomed for sure.
[CASSEROLE] Perhaps we could use
the village canal
to our advantage.
Hole up there to buy time
while I ask Count Retes
for reinforcements.
If anyone could do it, it's you.
Just one problem.
That would be
Count Retes's reputation.
If we were to defeat the bandits
that the county failed
to stamp out,
it would subject the count
to accusations of incompetence.
That means we cannot
rely on them for reinforcements.
[FEUILLE]
The ideal outcome for the count
would be for us to fail
so that
the Margravate of Hubarek...
[PAS]
What will become of Father?
He has three resident retainers
including Feuille.
It won't be an easy fight.
But the beans
and most of all the wheat,
I need them all
for making sweets!
They can't take that from me.
Huh?
[FEUILLE]
I like that look, kid.
He's finally starting
to feel his calling
as our fief's
next suzerain lord.
[PAS]
I won't lose it again.
My precious dream
to create a land of sweets.
I'll make them regret
the day they were born!
No matter how you slice it,
the only way out
of this situation
is going to be a big gamble,
friend.
Mind that this
is just my instinct talking.
I have an idea.
What if we use the kid here
as our secret trump card?
How so?
If the gamble pays off,
your son may live up
to your reputation after all.
You know I've always trusted
your instinct,
but it would take magic to...
[gasps]
The Sanctification!
[FEUILLE]
Exactly!
Uh?
[CASSEROLE]
Agnes, Josephine, listen to me.
I'm going to put Pas through
the Sanctification Ceremony.
[AGNES]
[gasps] Darling, no!
Surely that is asking too much
too soon of our sweet boy.
[CASSEROLE]
You know as well as I do
how bright our son is.
He's at the top of his age group
in many things,
including the sword.
But still...
I've made my decision, Agnes.
He is accomplished
with both pen and blade.
[PAS]
The Sanctification Ceremony
is this world's
coming-of-age ritual.
I'm only nine,
so it is a bit early
for me to take it,
but that's what I want!
[PAS] Still, this must be
a real shock for Mother.
[PAS] Kids are usually
between 13 and 15
when they participate.
Though, I had hoped
for just a little longer
with our sweet boy as a child.
We set out in three days' time.
Make the preparations.
[AGNES]
I will.
Josie, how would you like
to help me with that?
-Certainly, Mother! I'd love to!
-After all,
our little Pas must represent
the entire family's reputation
before becoming a man.
That's correct.
He must be perfect. Yes.
-[Agnes, Josephine giggling]
-[PAS] Not good.
It never bodes well
when they smile like that!
Please help me, Father!
Sorry eating. [slurps]
[crying] Father!
[AGNES, JOSEPHINE]
So cute!
[PAS]
Wait a minute!
How do you not see
that you're traumatizing me?
Aw, doesn't he look
so precious like that!
Now all that's missing
is the perfect pair of shoes!
But Josie, am I mistaken,
-or is that your favorite pair?
-It's no big deal!
Only the best
for my sweet little brother!
Great!
Now it's time to do his makeup!
Your skin
is the ideal blank canvas!
[PAS]
Resistance is futile.
Ever since I was little,
my mother and sisters
have treated me
like some kind
of real-life dress-up doll.
Back when all
of my older sisters were around,
it was far, far worse!
You look just like
the belle of the ball,
-little bro!
-[PAS] Father!
I need to be an adult.
The situation is dire!
[CASSEROLE]
What's the matter, my son?
How are you exhausted
when today is just the outset
of our long journey ahead?
Well, it's been
a rather hectic three days,
you know?
Sweet Pas...
be safe out there.
-Give it your best!
-Right!
Oi! Hey, Pas!
It's Marc and Lumi and the guys!
How 'bout that?
Such a lucky duck!
I wanna go to the capital
dressed up in a fancy suit!
Bad idea.
-You would look awful in a suit.
-Hm?
-Shut your stupid trap!
-See ya, Pas.
Be sure to have fun
on your trip, okay?
Sure!
I'll eat lots and lots
of delicious things
while I'm gone!
Oh! Everything's about food
with him.
Well, that's our Pas, after all!
You're in charge, Feuille.
Yes, sir!
♪
[wind whooshing]
[children oohing]
[gasping]
That was awesome!
Lord Casserole, his magic
is really something else.
-[AGNES] Josie.
-[JOSEPHINE] Yes, Mother.
[AGNES, JOSEPHINE]
We'll never forget
that Pas looks best
in a pretty dress!
-[crowed chatter]
-[Pas gasps]
[PAS]
The capital doesn't disappoint!
This is the most people
I've seen in one place
ever since my reincarnation!
Look, Father!
There are so many things here
I've never seen before!
[PAS]
Is that brown sugar?
And fruit?
The Fief of Morteln
is so bereft of sweet things,
I've never seen
this stuff there!
With these ingredients:
brown sugar cookies, pound cake,
chocolate gâteau, flan!
[sighs]
The possibilities are endless.
I'm raring to go!
Listen, if you can make it
through
the Sanctification Ceremony,
as your reward,
I will buy you
whatever you like.
You mean it?
Hooray!
Oh,
but how can I narrow it down?
I wonder what I should ask for.
[gasping]
[PAS]
Are those... apples?
And they look so juicy
and delicious! [gasps]
I'm so glad to know
they exist in this world, too!
-I believe those are bonkas.
-Bonkas?
They're cultivated
up in the northern lands.
It's rare to see them
even in the market.
[CASSEROLE]
I have scarcely tasted them,
though I recall it
being on the sour side.
[PAS]
Sour, huh?
There are all kinds of neat ways
to use sour apples!
Say, Father,
let's try growing bonkas
when we get back!
-Growing them?
-Yes, let's bring some with us!
Really?
[CASSEROLE]
Such a keen interest
in the goods of foreign lands.
He's developing the instincts
of a true suzerain!
[PAS]
If I got five of them,
I could make
all kinds of things.
I'd love to try them glacé,
however,
sugar itself is such a luxury!
I'm sure it's too much to ask.
Uh, What if we raised bees
in our fief?
I could candy them
in honey instead!
Tart, baked apples,
and the old classic, apple pie!
[CASSEROLE]
With talent like his,
the future of the fief
will be...
[PAS]
If I can cultivate apples,
the future of the fief
will be...
[CASSEROLE]
A rich and mighty land!
[PAS] A land
of all-you-can-eat sweets!
[CASSEROLE]
We're here.
[door creaking]
Well, if it isn't
the Lord of Morteln himself.
-Ah!
-[PRIEST] Thank you for coming
-all this way.
-[PAS] Human panda?
Greetings, Father.
It's an honor to see you again.
I believe the last time we met
was at your daughter's
Sanctification Ceremony.
You did me a great service
that day.
I've heard wonderful tales
about you, milord.
For instance, that you somehow
protected your people
when last year's bitter frost
threatened the worst.
Truly, it was achievable
only through the good grace
of God and the Spirits,
and with some help
from my son's wisdom.
Ah, and you've brought
that very son with you.
This will come as a surprise,
but I intend for him to undergo
his Sanctification Ceremony
at once.
My word, you can't possibly
be serious about this, milord!
Yet I am. A True Sanctification,
nothing less will do.
[sighs]
[Pas grunts]
Hey, Feuille.
So isn't "True Sanctification"
the ceremony
where you get magic?
Correct,
and that's the one
your kid brother's
going to undertake.
When I did my Ceremony,
they said
I had little magic power.
Without any true magic
to my name,
they didn't feel
it was necessary
to put me through that hardship.
I hope he'll be all right.
Sweet Pas.
I think he'll be fine,
Josephine.
Worry not.
[JOSEPHINE]
What's that ceremony like?
Hm. How can I describe it?
They measure the amount
of magic power you have,
and that's just the start.
♪
[PRIEST]
Now, child.
Imbibe this.
[PAS]
[grunts] Too bitter!
What the hell is this stuff?
[PRIEST]
Hm.
-[JOSEPHINE] What then?
-[Pas grunting]
You don't do anything.
[gasps]
And what do you mean by that?
[door creaks]
[FEUILLE] You're left all alone
in the dark.
Unable to see or hear.
For hours and hours.
Magic.
It's a grand power
hidden within certain people.
This is the only way
to draw it out.
To face and overcome hardship
all by yourself.
[sparkling]
[CASSEROLE]
It's been a day and a half.
Surely this is longer
than necessary.
No, I fear
we cannot release your son
until the radiance subsides
whenever that may come to pass.
[PRIEST]
That said, it's most impressive
that the moment
has not yet come.
The boy must be harboring
a magnificent level of power
within.
[CASSEROLE]
Understood.
Do you think he'll be all right?
There is no real cause
for concern,
though so much time
in darkness and silence
would surely be trying.
My boy.
[PAS]
What will I do?
What should I make
with those bonkas?
My imagination is running wild!
Someday, I'll find a way
to get sugar, too!
Then the sky's the limit!
I'm filled with glee
just thinking about it.
My dream is alive,
to fill the land
with perfect sweets!
To bring smiles
to everyone's faces!
To make the best treats
in the world!
That must be the reason
I was reincarnated in this place
to begin with!
This world is waiting for me.
To create
its very own land of sweets!
What's that?
Hey, stop!
♪
Could this be my magic?
[CASSEROLE]
Pas!
My son!
Yes, Father?
You are a marvel, Pas.
Two whole days!
Two days?
That long?
[PAS]
My dreams,
I had so many of them,
but I can't remember now.
[PRIEST]
It is time.
We will bring this to a close.
If you have truly discovered
the power within,
then the scripture
I am about to read aloud
should resonate
to the very core of your being.
With this blessing of scripture,
the Sanctification Ceremony
will come to an end.
Yes, sir.
Vast is our world
and rich
with myriad forms of life,
great and small alike.
Yet all receiveth equally
those blessings divine.
So, too, do its people,
receive
the immeasurable bounties
of our most holy God.
Thou,
who art Pastry Mille Morteln,
with gratitude in thy heart
for God's beneficent favor,
receivest thou now
God's blessings.
[Pas gasps]
♪
[PAS]
What, what can I do?
Huh, reincarnation, replication?
This must be...
the scripture itself
is the magic?
[Casserole, priest gasp]
[gasps]
Well done!
[CASSEROLE]
Looks like you made it through.
[grunts]
[PRIEST]
It appears your son has acquired
magical power nearly unheard of
in this day and age!
I cannot thank you enough
for your help.
A humble token of my gratitude.
[PRIEST]
Many thanks to you and yours,
milord!
The Church appreciates
your donation,
most generous, indeed.
May your son's future
shine brightly
and rest safely
in God's loving hands.
[grunts]
[crowd chatter]
[grunting]
Come now, just pick one.
This one is the heaviest
in the bunch,
but this one here
is far more lustrous.
And those over there
are tempting, too!
They're all bonkas, my boy,
you need to choose already.
Fine!
[MALE SHOPKEEPER 1A]
I'll throw in a couple extra
for your son's enthusiasm!
Here you go!
Are you sure? [squeals]
[PAS] These
are the best-looking ones yet!
[PRIEST]
Silver coins... [grunts]
Such ignorance.
Expected from a backwater noble
who won his title in battle.
This isn't nearly
sufficient payment
to keep my mouth shut.
[coins clinking]
[PRIEST]
No hard feelings, milord.
[Priest laughing]
[chomps]
[Pas squeals]
[PAS]
That refreshing tartness!
It really is an apple!
How many years has it been?
-Um, Father?
-Hm?
Let's not tell Mother or Sister
that we ate the best bonkas.
They would be really upset
with us,
and no one wants that.
Huh?
It's our secret.
[Pas, Casserole chomping]
[PAS]
I'm gonna make an apple pie,
and then tarts and candy apples.
And then, one day,
I'm going to make it a reality.
Mark my words,
a real land of sweets!
♪
[PAS] Next time
on Sweet Reincarnation.
"The Patissier
and the Fief's Defense Line."
Bon appétit!